Push alll code to github.

Steps:

1. Go to https://github.com/
2. Create new Repository
3. Don't add readme file.
4. Open Folder Inception and one file inside it and inside that folder open terminal.
   Commands:
   cd '.\Inception_Eposide 01\'
   cd .\04_Part\
    Create 1 readme file
   git add .
   git commit -m "inception how to create react"
   git branch -M main
   git remote add origin git@github.com:samidha3199/Learning-React-Js-.git
   git push -u origin main
   Just go to browser and refresh the page.
   This is our code https://github.com/samidha3199/Learning-React-Js-

Till now we have written our code in index.html and js file and use cdn but is this code ready to
go on production?
No, Bcoz this code is not optimize(to make as perfect, effective, or functional as possible).

What is Production App?
There should not be comments, console.log
If there are 10000 of files we need to bundle that files.
Compress our code.
Minified our files.
Suppose my app has lots of images in it we need to optimize it.
Before our app going to production we need to make lots of process in our local.
We need to do code splitting, chunking, image optimization etc

How to create your own Production ready react app without using existing once.

1. Can React itself do the production ready app?
   no bcoz there are lots of package/library that are require to make our app production ready.

2. What is NPM?
   https://www.npmjs.com/
   NPM does not have full form.
   Infact NPM does not stand for node package manager.
   NPM behind the sceens works as node pacakge manager. It manages the pacakges.
   It is standard Repository for all the packages.
   It is biggest pacakge manager.
   Any package u want to include in your project u can use NPM.
   All types of pacakges,library,utilities are hosted over here.

Note: when u create recat app using bundler or create-react-app it automatically has npm inside it
we don't need to config it.

3. How to use npm in our project?
   npm init

   then add some information:
   package name: (01_part)
   version: (1.0.0)  
   description: namaste react  
   entry point: (App.js)  
   test command: jest  
   git repository:  
   keywords: react
   yes

   or u can do
   npm init -y
   (Same command but it will skip the information )

Output: pacakge.json file created in our project

- Packages are also known as dependencies.

4. What is pacakge.json file?
1. This is entry file of our project.
1. It is configuration for npm.
1. The file is in json structure.
1. It keeps the track of what is the version of that package.

1. Why we need pacakge.json file?
   The package.json file is needed to keep track of important information about a Node.js project, like what packages it depends on (dependencies), what version of Node.js it requires, and how to run certain commands (scripts).

1. The most import package in our project is?
   Bundler

1. What is the bundler?
   Through bundler we can minified, compress, bundle together/combine together, clean our code
   cache our code before send to production and all this job is done by bundler.
   Bascially its job is to bundle our app and shift to production.

1. Types of Bundler?
1. Webpack
1. Parcel
1. Vite
1. Rollup
1. Browserify
1. Brunch
1. FuseBox
   etc....

Note: create-react-app uses webpack as a bundler

Note: U can choose any of the bundler of ur choice. Everyone do the same job. But everyone has different algorithm.All bundler are same but.

Here we are using parcel as a bundler.

What are 2 types dependency that our app can have?

1. Dev Dependency
   This dependency are required in development phase.
   Means when we are developing our app.

2. Normal Dependency
   Normal dependencies are used in both development and production.

Install Parcel as Dev Dependency
npm install -D parcel
Output:
U will get node_module folder
Inpackage.json file u can see
"devDependencies": {
"parcel": "^2.12.0"
}

What is ^2.12.0 ^?
This is caret.
Right now the version is 2.12.0 if suppose tomorrow new minor version came we put caret it will automatically update the new version 2.13.0
I will upgrade the minor verion.

Instead of caret ^ we can put tilde ~

What is ~?
This is tilde.
It will upgrade the major version.
2.12.0 to 3.0.0 this is major upgrade.

WE should always use ^ bcoz it is always best. If we try to upgrade major version lots of things will break into our app/project.

What is package-lock.json?
It keeps the track of exact version. Bascially its lock the version of the package.
It keeps the record of exact version.

Difference between pacakge.json and package-lock.json?
package.json will have ~ or ^ means any upgrade it will update the version.
But package.json will have the exact version only.

What is "integrity" in package-lock.json?
It is hash.
It is used to verify Whatever is there on my local/machine is the same version deploy on production.

What is node_modules folder?
It contains all the code that we fetch from npm.
It contains all dependency.
It contains actual data of dependency.

Why there are many files/folder in node_modules?
Bcoz, our project need parcel.
But parcel has its own dependency and those dependency have its own dependency.
This is known as transistive dependency.
(One dependency is depend on other dependency and that dependency is depend on other).

How much package.json and pacakge-lock.json file have?
Every package/project u see will have its own package.json and pacakge-lock.json file.

\*\* Those Files/Folder we don't want to put of production/git we should put in .gitignore file
Create this file

Is it necessary to put node_module folder on github/production?
No,Bcoz we can regenerate this folder.
/node_modules

Is it necessary to put package.json and pacakge-lock.json file?
Yes, Imp
